This app was created following the rails tutorial.

1. make a directory for the source to live in
2. cd into the directory created in 1
3. type: git init
4. type: git remote add origin https://github.com/michaelklem/rails_3.2_base_app.git
5. type: git pull origin master
6. type: bundle install
7. type: rake db:migrate
8. type: rake db:populate
9. type: rake db:test:prepare
10. type: rspec spec

All tests should pass.

This is using sqllite as the db, no setup necessary.  For logging this is using mongodb.  To get mongodb up and running...
1. install mongodb locally
Installation Notes for windows: http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-windows/
Mac: http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-os-x/
2. start mogodb using  your_mogodb_install_directory\bin\mongod.exe file for windows, or set it up as a service as mentioned in the previous directions.
3. Only admins may access the mongodb logger interface.  
4. If you are using heroku there is an additional step - https://github.com/le0pard/mongodb_logger/blob/master/README.md
5. To make a user an admin do the following…
        rails c
        User.all
        user = User.find(3) #where 3 is the id of the user you want to make an admin
        user.admin = true
        user.save

6. start server, log in as the admin user, go through a few pages, then access the logger at localhost:3000/mongodb/


Logging in via Facebook or Linked In:

In order to log in with Facebook or LinkedIn, an app needs to be registered on those sites.
The URL to do this on Facebook is https://developers.facebook.com/apps. For LinkedIn the
URL is https://www.linkedin.com/secure/developer. The file config/initializers/omniauth.rb
then needs to be edited with the App ID and App Secret for Facebook, and the API Key and 
Secret Key for LinkedIn. This file currently contains keys for apps registered to run on
localhost:3000. Editing this file requires a server restart.
